Update device tracker and related documentation (#45766)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/person.markdown

> In short, when you're at home, your position is determined first by stationary trackers (if any) and then by GPS. When you're outside your home, your position is determined first by GPS and then by stationary trackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, when you're at home, your position is determined first by connection trackers (if any) and then by position trackers. When you're outside your home, your position is determined first by position trackers and then by connection trackers.
```
Maybe something like this to address the comment by Copilot?
